README.md, before:

# ML-9 Team Project

After reviewing several datasets, we have decided to investigate the Stroke Prediction one. We are investigating whether a difference can be found by ML between male and female subjects.

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/fedesoriano/stroke-prediction-dataset

## Possible Questions:

Are there different risk factors per age group, which would indicate different prevention strategies?

BMI, Age, Rural/Urban, see if there's different risk factors/prevention for different groups

_Research question: can deep learning be used with this dataset to identify which risk factors are most pertinent to predict a stroke depending on demographic?_

Do we need to subdivide the dataset along demographics (age, lifestyle, etc.)


## Approaches:
Regression to find composition and correlation of different variables

Based on significance of variables, create a model to predict stroke or not

_We have determined that we need to develop an experiment to determine the number of layers that will be optimal to get a result from our project._


## Possible Problem:
The occurance of stroke overwhelms the lack of stroke by an order of magnitude.

Commit message:

Enhance README with details on using Dask for parallel experiments and clarify dataset bias issue

README.md, after:

# ML-9 Team Project

After reviewing several datasets, we have decided to investigate the Stroke Prediction one. We are investigating whether a difference can be found by ML between male and female subjects.

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/fedesoriano/stroke-prediction-dataset

## Possible Questions:

Are there different risk factors per age group, which would indicate different prevention strategies?

BMI, Age, Rural/Urban, see if there's different risk factors/prevention for different groups

_Research question: can deep learning be used with this dataset to identify which risk factors are most pertinent to predict a stroke depending on demographic?_

Do we need to subdivide the dataset along demographics (age, lifestyle, etc.)


## Approaches:
Regression to find composition and correlation of different variables

Based on significance of variables, create a model to predict stroke or not

_We have determined that we need to develop an experiment to determine the number of layers that will be optimal to get a result from our project._

Dask will be useful to run the experiments in parallel on multiple cores. We can use Google Colab to access GPUs for training our models.


## Possible Problem:
The occurance of stroke overwhelms the lack of stroke by an order of magnitude in the dataset, that could be a source of bias. We may need to use oversampling or undersampling techniques to balance the dataset before training our models.
